# Meeting Minutes 2018-12-01

## Updates
December 15th: 
 * going to discuss how to support projects
 * hearing different things
 * still some lack of clarity
 * need to further define goals of the overall group
 * not likely to be getting a lot of work done
 * looks like we won't be presenting anything here
 * more team representation would be good
 * Project discussion is on the agenda but not defined
  
Meeting with Zach:
 * Wednesday, Dec. 5 at 11 am
 * to go over judges' feedback from Datapalooza
   
Humanitarian Mapping event:
 * Mapathon collaboration with NC State
 * Thursday, Jan 31 10am-12pm at DH Hill Library
 * "The general format of our workshops is a presentation at the beginning followed by a hands-on activity, which takes up the bulk of the time. I'd love to have you give a brief overview of your project and then map NC sidewalks and other important features as our hands-on activity. I'll also present on the concept of humanitarian mapping and the open source mapping community more generally."
 * still concerned about the value of mapathons before we figure out the .shp import process
 * more valuable to focus on areas outside of cities?
 * main goal is to get people exposed to mapping
 
## Catching up
 * Crystal - still planning to work on figuring out that process for importing shapefiles
 * Melanie - trying to understand the tile server; reading docs
 * Leila - coordinating mapathon event with NC State
 
## Plans for next week
 * We still need to set up a meeting to talk to Nick; we started a questions document but haven't added much to this.
 * Aim for meeting with Nick in early to mid January
 * We'll plan to fill out the documents list with questions by Dec. 15th
 * Melanie - try to write some documentation about how the servers work for Nick to confirm
 * Crystal will also be creating documentation on the import process in the Google Drive folder
 * Leila - meeting with Mia from NSCU Libraries to discuss the mapathon on Monday
